# Week of 10/04/2020 - 10/10/2020

## Meeting start time
**2020/10/06/14:00**

## Meeting end time
**2020/10/06/15:00**

## Location
Zoom call

## Members present
Clayton Mercer, Michael Keen, Jakob Lamb, Linc Mitchell, Iris Lewis-Beasley

## Topics
- Client check in 
- Address list of developer questions

## Minute recorder
Michael Keen

## Things clarified
- Points from previous meeting
- We should stay on slack and not move completely to clients Microsoft Teams (what our clients use)
- What tools we need to download for mac/windows
    - Visual Studio 

## List of questions 
- Access to dummy account to their pre existing webapp/internal test environment(Cheetah)?
    - Yes. Same environment for testing environment. 
- Clarify which account information administrators can view.
    - 
- Clarify relationships and addresses.
    - From an account setup perspective, an admin brings in a new relationship. It is governed by a trust document such as an IRA. It dictates who the players are in the relationship. Lists beneficiaries for example. From cheetah, an account will list out all thing managed by the account such as relationships. An administrator is the quarterback between the client and the organization. Another relationship is the connection to the client themselves. Relationships tie personal and professional connections regarding the client's account. It is important for the app to be able to list out these relationships for accessibility. 
- Might want to consider making documents avaliable offline with options in app.
    - No, no offline access due to security. 
- Should we add useful features that are not required like the download/cache.
- Check last year groups attempt at this application?
    - When the find it, they will show it. 
- What does "Ability to resolve and dismiss" mean / figure out tasks
    - In cheetah, tasks are like reminders to do things. (Appointment, updated appracial on asset). They are assigned to individuals, accounts, assets, and name and address records. Resolve means it was done, dismiss means it wasn't and the comment tells why. 
- Do activities and tasks correlate to eachother?
    - Activities are past tense records meant to memorialize past work such as tasks. Record keeping. The are associated with individuals, accounts, assets, and name and address records. 
- If not, what are they?
    - See above. Activities are always visible at all levels. Once tasks are resolved or dismissed, they are no longer visible unless directly requested. 
- Clarify market value relationships background?
    - Market value in cheetah is generated. It is calculated by taking the last share price times the number of shares owned by the client. 
- Do we display documents contents, documents people have,...?
    - They need 
- What is the difference between push notifications between tasks and approval categories?
    - Both in app and an option for email notifications. 
    - Content should be a high level overview. 
    - Task name and Date of task as well as time spent on it. 
- Clarify daily responsibilities current book of business.
    - All specs are listed. No hidden tasks. 
- Verify we all have access to their programs.
    - Iris will demo Accunet at a later date. 

## Next Steps
- Look at Monday for walking through Cheetah. Check emails and Teams. 