# Week of 10/25/2020 - 10/31/2020

## Meeting start time
**2020/10/30/16:00**

## Meeting end time
**2020/10/30/17:00**

## Location
Zoom call

## Members present
Clayton Mercer, Michael Keen, Jakob Lamb, Christo Staszewski

## Minute recorder
Clayton Mercer

## Topics Discussed
- Compare Your Team With Others assignment
	- Merit Engine
		- Our consensus: Presentation seemed impromptu, as tech stack was not explained thoroughly, prototype was only a single screenshot, and team did not give us a complete picture of their overall project, even though we have the same client.
	- Automated Access Control
		- Our consensus: Presentation was a bit detailed, but nonetheless sufficient enough to understand the project. Like us, their tech stack is implemented in .NET and C#, but unlike us, their project focuses on normal users and administrators; ours is only the latter.
	- EVE
		- Our consensus: Presentation was satisfactory, as we understood the project's goals well and their presentation supplied sufficient, but not overly detailed, information. Unlike ours, their project is full stack (frontend and backend) where ours is only frontend. We also did not get to choose our technologies.
- Reflection: what did we do wrong for our first iteration?
	- Business requirements more like use cases; need to be fewer, more abstract, and address the "why" of the project more specifically.
	- Project name is too vague, should be renamed to something like "Mobile Application for Trust Admins", which describes the project better.
	- Domain model relationship lines should be more precise from top to bottom/left to right; relationship between Trust Admin and Activities also needs to be revised.

## Things clarified
- Christo will complete summary for Merit Engine
- Clayton will complete summary for Automated Access Control
- Jakob will complete summary for EVE
- Clarified details about what needs to be revised for our first iteration features for future reference (less business requirements, more concise relationships in domain model)
- We will officially begin software development for the project on Monday, November 2. Clayton will create the initial project and commit it to GitHub. We are still awaiting access to client's repository as well as input from client's design team.

### [Click Here for Design Critique](https://github.com/mkeen31/trust-admin-app/blob/master/MeetingMinutes/Team/10-30-2020-Design-Critique.md)
