
# Project Meeting: March 8th

## Meeting start time
`2021/3/8/2:30pm`

## Meeting end time
`2021/3/8/2:50pm`

## Location
Zoom call

## Members present
Clayton Mercer, Michael Keen, Jakob Lamb, Christo Staszewski

## Minute recorder
Clayton Mercer

## Topics Discussed
- Discussion of client meeting for v4
- Feature and responsibility division for iteration 5
- Discuss bugs


## Things clarified
- There was a app crash bug during the transactions page demo
    - Christo is looking into that
- Tasks left for iteration 5
    - Push notifications
    - Assignments Page for logged in user (Tasks/Activities)
    - UX updates for tabs
- UITesting updates
    - UI tests are running, but need to be more thorough

